README.md, before:

# Course "Fullstack Advanced React & GraphQL"

- By Wes Bos
- https://github.com/wesbos/Advanced-React/
- https://advancedreact.com/
- https://courses.wesbos.com/account/access/6023ec322a34157df9eda237
- Bookmark: 4 / 70

## Module 1: Introduction and Setup

### Tooling and Starter Files Setup

- Last version of node
- He uses Firefox
  - https://syntax.fm/show/213/hasty-treat-a-month-on-firefox
- MongoDB Compass (to visualize the database)
  - https://www.mongodb.com/products/compass
- VS Code
  - Theme: [Cobalt2](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=wesbos.theme-cobalt2)
  - Font:
    - Operator Mono
    - Inconsolata
    - I will use "Fira Code"
  - Change the title bars for "backend" and "frontend":
    - `window.titleBarStyle = 'custom'`
    - https://medium.com/@camdenb/colorful-vscode-titlebars-for-better-productivity-b05a619defed
  - https://code.visualstudio.com/api/references/theme-color
- Download "Starter files" from the course and create a new repo with them ("sick-fits").
- Browser extensions:
  - React dev tools
  - Apollo client dev tools
- Terminal:
  - https://hyper.is/
  - iTerm (Mac)
  - zsh (he uses that one)

### The Tech Stack Explained

- **Front-end**

  - React
  - Next.js:
    - React framework
    - It is server rendered
  - Apollo Client
  - Styled Components

- **Backend**
  - Keystone.js: Headless CMS
    - Node
    - MongoDB (you can use PostgreSQL or Prisma as well)

## Module 2: Learning Next.js

### An intro to Next

- Autocomplete HTML inside a React component: https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/emmet#_emmet-abbreviations-in-other-file-types
- New pages created are automatically routed (because of Next), e.g. http://localhost:7777/account
- Next.js is **server rendered**.
  - In production, you can see all the HTML sent from the Next server when inspecting the source in a web browser. React rehydrates it in the frontend.
  - Good for SEO.
  - It gets rendered even if a client has the JavaScript disabled.
  - When the HTML arrives to the browser, Next converts it to a React application, so for example you can still navigate between pages without the pages being reloaded, like an SPA.
  - But you can also use Next for **statically rendered** content: at build time, you can pre-render some pages, so that they load really really quickly.

### Creating a Page Layout Component

- Use `triggerSuggest` from VSCode for the automatic import.

## Module 3: CSS and Styled Components

TBD

## Module 4: Server Side GraphQL Development

TBD

## Module 5: Client Side React + GraphQL Development

TBD

## Module 6: Working with Mutations

TBD

## Module 7: Pagination

TBD

## Module 8: User Registration + Authentication

TBD

## Module 9: Shopping Cart Development

TBD

## Module 10.1: Search

TBD

## Module 10.2: Order Creation and Checkout

TBD

## Module 11.1: Frontend Order Displaying

TBD

## Module 11.2: Roles, Permissions and Restricting Access

TBD

## Other links

- Wes Bos' tools and setup: https://wesbos.com/uses
- https://github.com/wesbos/dotfiles
- [ESLint and Prettier configuration](https://github.com/wesbos/eslint-config-wesbos)
  - [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lHAeK8t94as)
- [VS Code extensions used by Wes Bos](https://github.com/wesbos/dotfiles/blob/master/vs-code-extensions-i-use.md)
  - https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-eslint
  - https://github.com/prettier/prettier-vscode

Commit message:

Module 2: use the Page component for wrapping the sell page

README.md, after:

# Course "Fullstack Advanced React & GraphQL"

- By Wes Bos
- https://github.com/wesbos/Advanced-React/
- https://advancedreact.com/
- https://courses.wesbos.com/account/access/6023ec322a34157df9eda237
- Bookmark: 4 / 70, minute 10

## Module 1: Introduction and Setup

### Tooling and Starter Files Setup

- Last version of node
- He uses Firefox
  - https://syntax.fm/show/213/hasty-treat-a-month-on-firefox
- MongoDB Compass (to visualize the database)
  - https://www.mongodb.com/products/compass
- VS Code
  - Theme: [Cobalt2](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=wesbos.theme-cobalt2)
  - Font:
    - Operator Mono
    - Inconsolata
    - I will use "Fira Code"
  - Change the title bars for "backend" and "frontend":
    - `window.titleBarStyle = 'custom'`
    - https://medium.com/@camdenb/colorful-vscode-titlebars-for-better-productivity-b05a619defed
  - https://code.visualstudio.com/api/references/theme-color
- Download "Starter files" from the course and create a new repo with them ("sick-fits").
- Browser extensions:
  - React dev tools
  - Apollo client dev tools
- Terminal:
  - https://hyper.is/
  - iTerm (Mac)
  - zsh (he uses that one)

### The Tech Stack Explained

- **Front-end**

  - React
  - Next.js:
    - React framework
    - It is server rendered
  - Apollo Client
  - Styled Components

- **Backend**
  - Keystone.js: Headless CMS
    - Node
    - MongoDB (you can use PostgreSQL or Prisma as well)

## Module 2: Learning Next.js

### An intro to Next

- Autocomplete HTML inside a React component: https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/emmet#_emmet-abbreviations-in-other-file-types
- New pages created are automatically routed (because of Next), e.g. http://localhost:7777/account
- Next.js is **server rendered**.
  - In production, you can see all the HTML sent from the Next server when inspecting the source in a web browser. React rehydrates it in the frontend.
  - Good for SEO.
  - It gets rendered even if a client has the JavaScript disabled.
  - When the HTML arrives to the browser, Next converts it to a React application, so for example you can still navigate between pages without the pages being reloaded, like an SPA.
  - But you can also use Next for **statically rendered** content: at build time, you can pre-render some pages, so that they load really really quickly.

### Creating a Page Layout Component

- Use `triggerSuggest` from VSCode for the automatic import.
- `Warning: Failed prop type: Invalid prop `children`of type`object`supplied to`Page`, expected an array.`
  - It expected an array, it is solved using `PropTypes.any` as the type for the children in the Page.

## Module 3: CSS and Styled Components

TBD

## Module 4: Server Side GraphQL Development

TBD

## Module 5: Client Side React + GraphQL Development

TBD

## Module 6: Working with Mutations

TBD

## Module 7: Pagination

TBD

## Module 8: User Registration + Authentication

TBD

## Module 9: Shopping Cart Development

TBD

## Module 10.1: Search

TBD

## Module 10.2: Order Creation and Checkout

TBD

## Module 11.1: Frontend Order Displaying

TBD

## Module 11.2: Roles, Permissions and Restricting Access

TBD

## Other links

- Wes Bos' tools and setup: https://wesbos.com/uses
- https://github.com/wesbos/dotfiles
- [ESLint and Prettier configuration](https://github.com/wesbos/eslint-config-wesbos)
  - [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lHAeK8t94as)
- [VS Code extensions used by Wes Bos](https://github.com/wesbos/dotfiles/blob/master/vs-code-extensions-i-use.md)
  - https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-eslint
  - https://github.com/prettier/prettier-vscode
- Dockerization
  - https://medium.com/@francoisromain/getting-started-with-docker-for-local-node-js-development-192ceca18781
- Next.js SSR:
  - https://flaviocopes.com/nextjs-ssr/
